Update handbook on how to close a deal and next steps (#1502)
FlowFuse/website: src/handbook/customer/sales/engagements.md

### Steps

> 1. [Start invoice procedure](https://flowfuse.com/handbook/operations/billing/#creating-an-invoice)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Start invoice procedure](/handbook/operations/billing/#creating-an-invoice)
```

> 1. Send an email introducing the Customer Success Manager and providing access to the bought resources

Reviewer: So the CSM provides access to the resources, and generates the license?

Author: No I still do that, it's just more natural to send the customer 1 welcome email with everything, intro to Rob, license key/have them create cloud account, etc. I'm updating the handbook to reflect how I actually onboard.

Reviewer: I was confused why it's on one numbered item, but trying to split it made it clear what the issue is. Give me a few minutes to think about it

> 1. Send an email introducing the Customer Success Manager and providing access to the bought resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Send an email including instructions how they get access to bought resources and to introduce the customer to their Customer Success Manager.
```
